README.md, before:

SDK - A Development Kit for PHP
===============================

A project repository and SDK for PHP.


Getting Started
---------------

### Facts

 * Version: 000.1.0 (Development)
 * [Repository on Github](https://github.com/iods/php-sdk)
 

### Description

Combines multiple PHP projects, examples, and tools from my past and future PHP experiences.


### Requirements

 * [Composer](http://getcomposer.org)
 * [Git](http://git-scm.com)


### Installation

The Makefile will copy over the project .env file upon build, and remove upon destroy of the environments.


Developer
---------

**Rye Miller**

 * [GitHub](http://github.com/iods/)
 * [Website](http://ryemiller.io)
 * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ryemiller)


Support
-------

For any issues with this project, open an issue on [Github](https://github.com/iods/php-sdk)


Versioning
----------

For transparency into the release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, this project is
maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).
 

Acknowledgements
----------------

Thank you to [Red Bull](http://www.redbull.com) for keeping me awake all those late nights.


License
-------

This project/code is released under [the MIT license](https://github.com/iods/php-sdk/LICENSE).


Copyright
---------

Copyright (c) 2017-2022, Rye Miller.

Commit message:

Update to version and changelog information across project.

README.md, after:

SDK - A Development Kit for PHP
===============================

A project repository and SDK for PHP.


Getting Started
---------------

### Facts

 * Version: 000.1.2 (Development)
 * [Repository on Github](https://github.com/iods/php-sdk)
 

### Description

A new framework to for an old man.


### Requirements

 * [Composer](http://getcomposer.org)
 * [Git](http://git-scm.com)


### Installation

@TODO


Developer
---------

**Rye Miller**

 * [GitHub](http://github.com/iods/)
 * [Website](http://ryemiller.io)
 * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ryemiller)


Support
-------

For any issues with this project, open an issue on [Github](https://github.com/iods/php-sdk)


Versioning
----------

For transparency into the release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, this project is
maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).
 

Acknowledgements
----------------

Thank you to [Red Bull](http://www.redbull.com) for keeping me awake all those late nights.


License
-------

This project/code is released under [the MIT license](https://github.com/iods/php-sdk/LICENSE).


Copyright
---------

Copyright (c) 2017-2022, Rye Miller.
